warm welcome friends to one
update of the pokemon ice lock challenge
what if I know what the ice logically
it is a celebration version of the
nasdaq challenge that I thought up
have and everyone joins in or leather
that would like to do as a display or synonymous
as a playboy
still can be video as a video
answer below below I post
will accept it automatically as soon as that
this challenge includes
Let us now come to the rules I will
all rules consistently saving have
changed pairs have stayed the same
and there comes rule 1 at least four
Pokemon should be up to the eighth floor
be reached so that you do not have summer
otherwise you will become one and then you will
the technically too easy cures
that for the cure
you are allowed you completely once a
if you invest a shark point for it
every time you have a poker center resp
batman or nurse like that
you may find you get the two points
and you can accordingly there still
heal so cook & black 2 i have that
changed from 2 points to 1 5 points there
on the routes too many are the like
sisters doctors additionally
may fall
you get the home arena victory
additional point that is already think
to be used clearly in pension there
be picked up as a mother when
the amount is 2000 cups or more
Story Flicht Division costs no salvation
points at Kreisler tells as
off duty division who then
new items latscht sacrifices a home point
So nurse similar goal
not as a collective agreement that is
even if you 're in there because they are
want to fight against you counts as
normal healing in such a cure so
you can not shop more than 5000 in the shop
spend dollars
nemanja shop that applies to items like
poker balls potions antivenom teams or
similar so the arcade in the
Pension are not affected
the restriction for the pension lies
at 7000 poker dollars
I have inserted this rule
in addition, because many have meant
could a puncture then over
level clearly
that's why I have these limited ones
now blow it up as soon as the first
even the first wave holds true
the pokémon challenge is tele 5 1
or section 5 of the rules
only the first one is pokémon what you open
a new route clinging cave cities
several encounters may be caught
as well as the nasdaq change too
defeated pokémon is no longer allowed
must be used as fast as
possible to put on a box the
as for example with abbreviated
when ten pokemon was defeated it sees
challenge lost
every pokémon may only have one tm
be taught
hermsdorf other topics daphne against
other topics are unlearned or if
you a new attack of yourself
learned about putting it does not matter then
the tm is not in there anymore
Fires are not affected by this
attack helper count as tm that had to
I add because there was one
few ask for such special cases
responsive pokémon tree horaser
may be caught e mail
he should then catch though you then
seen on this route a pokémon
have escape pokémon 3q matthias or
scheine pokémon are allowed only at the first
be caught
what probably pokemon yes somehow
it is clear that they rarely come of all
Things whose pokémon is above the above level
41 may be caught only after the
top 4 can be used as a gift
poken and allowed to use swap
the mpc it is allowed
so then comes this rule fossils
or problem a game room
Yes, counting is an encounter
So they fall under the rule of five
Things in this city already as one
Cover handled by then
no foot goal is to develop or
draw a poker game hall
ok pokémon allowed only with full coffee
and then put on the box afterwards
are there still the special frank places the
safari zone is expected to be a total of three
Pokemon catch after the eighth encounter
the rule does not apply approx
and 5a regular active again the
means you are allowed eight pokémon and you
let them meet and you are allowed three of them
then catch that you are seen that way
only one sure after that's the rule
Are you for a one-time participation
without restrictions at the beetle park
only applies to gold silver crystal
no pedestrian zone gives many remakes
this is not necessary because the one safari zone
to have
so and now the last rule resp
in quotation marks are not as nc
regulates sex as a note wax
or are logically not allowed
yes , I was meant to be there too
and I was told I could
could just clone everything on the
silver gold for example and could be
make it all very easy that it
not meaning and purpose of the challenge
That's why I have it again at the end
be noted if it still ask
then she could be in the comments
I will write if possible
answer and I would say
say goodbye i hope i could
the rule would all understand and would be good
say, see you next time
or in the Eislinger
challenge again until then